Guild Hook Blog Post! (#12179)
unlock-protocol/unlock: unlock-protocol-com/blog/guild-hook.md

---
title: Guild.xyz hook
subTitle: Easily create all kinds of allow-list on your lock using Guild.xyz!
description: By leveraging a new kind of smart contract hook, you can easily create all kinds of allow-list on your lock using Guild.xyz.
author: Julien Genestoux
publishDate: June 15, 2023

> image: /images/blog/guild-hook/guild.xyz.jpeg

Reviewer: @julien51 please swap for this image for brand consistency https://unlock-protocol.com/guides/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/guild.xyz_.png

> image: /images/blog/guild-hook/guild.xyz.jpeg

Author: ```suggestion
image: /guides/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/guild.xyz_.png
```

Rather than build this complicated logic ourselves, we partnered with our friends at [Guild.xyz](https://guild.xyz) to build a general-purpose Guild Hook! With the Guild Hook, a lock manager can point to any Guild they created and Guilds are extremely flexible!

Let’s go ahead and create an example!

## Guild and Unlock Protocol integration using the Guild Hook

Let’s say I only want people who [follow Unlock on Twitter](https://twitter.com/UnlockProtocol) to be able to claim a membership [from this membership contract.](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0xd36695BDF1A17BC4B0aA318d02c60F6e108CB653)

1. First, I will go to [Guild.xyz](http://Guild.xyz) and create a Guild whose **requirement** is to follow Unlock on Twitter.

![Guild.xyz Requirements](/images/blog/guild-hook/requirements.png)

2. Then, once the [Guild has been created](https://guild.xyz/the-unlock-followers), I come back to the Unlock dashboard, go to the advanced settings for my lock, and select the Hooks section.

![Guild.xyz Settings](/images/blog/guild-hook/unlock-hook-settings.png)

> 3. I can then save the changes and my membership contract is now **\*\***hooked**\*\*** to the Guild of the Unlock Protocol followers on Twitter!

Reviewer: @julien51 not sure if this was going for bold in markdown? lots of asterisks

Now the requirements are set, and there is one more step to go.

> The last step is to build a checkout URL, [like this one](https://app.unlock-protocol.com/checkout?id=23d15cce-8423-4761-ba48-6dd5ab5a048c), through which users are prompted to join the Guild, if they don’t already, before they can mint their NFT membership!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last step is to build a checkout URL, [like this one](https://app.unlock-protocol.com/checkout?id=23d15cce-8423-4761-ba48-6dd5ab5a048c), through which users are prompted to join the Guild if they are not already members. Once someone is a member of the Guild, they can mint their NFT membership!
```
